So in the last lecture I challenge you to change the theming on your own.
Go back to the last lecture to the very end of it to get my full instruction.
Now I want to change the theming together with you.
I did show you the color codes codes I'm planning to use and the last with you at the end of it.
So now I can go to my theme folder to the variables start s.c.s asphalt to change as global styles variable
here and there we get our colorist map.
Now I actually want to override two color codes here.
The primary and secondary color code for the primary I pick B C 7 e 40 which is a Nye's brownish color
and a secondary color is brighter or a different green color I should say 7 A.D. 6 1 D.
So that's still a green color but a kind of different tone of green with that if we now save this and
trigger the recompilation by for example changing something and some other file because changing that
file on its own won't trigger it.
You'll see that now we indeed get a different theming.
So this is now set.
Let's now think about our next steps in the next lecture